README.md, before:

# AI Meeting Recorder Agent

<p align="center">
  <img src="images/recorder.png" alt="AI Meeting Recorder" width="300">
</p>

An intelligent Jupyter notebook-based solution for automated meeting recording and transcription powered by the collaboration between Xpander AI platform and NVIDIA NIM.

xpander.ai is an AI Agent platform that accelerates developer experience for building, testing and deploying AI agents. It allows developers to design AI Agent behaviors, and invoke them with an SDK. The platform handles the complex infrastructure needed for managing thousands of AI Agent to user interactions, maintaining complex AI agent states via the state machine, and orchestrating multi-step agent workflows.

## Features

- 🎙️ **Automated Meeting Recording**: Connect to online meetings and record them automatically
- 📝 **Transcription**: Generate accurate text transcripts from recorded meetings
- 📊 **Status Monitoring**: Track recording status in real-time
- 📩 **Email Notifications**: Send meeting summaries and assets via email
- 📅 **Calendar Integration**: Seamless Google Calendar integration for meeting scheduling
- 💾 **Memory Persistence**: Maintain context across multiple interactions

## Overview

Critical and important information often gets lost quickly in meetings. This AI Meeting Recorder Agent built with xpander.ai automates the meeting documentation workflow: recording conversations, generating transcripts, monitoring status in real-time, and delivering assets via email.

This blueprint showcases how NVIDIA NIM microservices can be easily integrated with xpander.ai to build a powerful AI agent. Developers can use this blueprint as a starting point to incorporate NVIDIA AI into xpander workflow, or apply it to different use cases that combine xpander and NVIDIA NIM.


## Prerequisites

- Xpander Cloud account with API access
- Python 3.10+ environment
- Google Calendar API access (for calendar integration)

## Getting Started

1. Clone this repository to your local machine
2. Install the required dependencies:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
3. Run the `01-initialize-and-setup-agent.ipynb` notebook:
   ```bash
   jupyter 01-initialize-and-setup-agent.ipynb
   ```
4. Run the `02-interact-and-execute-agent.ipynb` notebook:
   ```bash
   jupyter 02-interact-and-execute-agent.ipynb
   ```

## Project Structure

- `01-initialize-and-setup-agent.ipynb`: Detailed walkthrough for initializing and adding tools to the agent
- `02-interact-and-execute-agent.ipynb`: Detailed walkthroug for executing the agent to solve example use cases
- `agent_config.json`: Configuration file defining agent tools and capabilities
- `images/`: Visual assets for the notebooks
- `requirements.txt`: Required Python dependencies
- `.env`: Required credentials to run this project

## Agent Capabilities

The Meeting Recorder Agent includes four primary tools:

1. **Calendar Integration**: Checks scheduled meeting on Google Calendar
2. **Create Recording Bot**: Schedules and initiates meeting recordings
3. **Check Recorder Status**: Monitors recording progress and retrieves assets
4. **Send Email**: Delivers recordings and transcripts via email

## Usage Examples

### List Upcoming Meetings

```python
prompt = """
Please list my scheduled meetings for today.
"""
result, thread_id = meeting_agent.run(prompt=prompt)
```

### Record a Meeting

```python
prompt = """
Can you record all the meetings scheduled for today?
"""
result, thread_id = meeting_agent.run(prompt=prompt, thread_id=user_thread_id)
```

### Check Recording Status

```python
prompt = """
Please check the current status of the meeting recorder bot.
"""
result, thread_id = meeting_agent.run(prompt=prompt, thread_id=user_thread_id)
```

## Resources

- [Xpander Documentation](https://docs.xpander.ai)
- [Jupyter Notebooks](https://jupyter.org/)
- [NVIDIA NIM API](https://build.nvidia.com/)

## License

This project uses the Xpander SDK which has its own licensing terms. Refer to the Xpander documentation for details.
# nvidia-meeting-recorder-agent

Commit message:

Update readme: add section to create .env file

README.md, after:

# AI Meeting Recorder Agent

<p align="center">
  <img src="images/recorder.png" alt="AI Meeting Recorder" width="300">
</p>

An intelligent Jupyter notebook-based solution for automated meeting recording and transcription powered by the collaboration between Xpander AI platform and NVIDIA NIM.

xpander.ai is an AI Agent platform that accelerates developer experience for building, testing and deploying AI agents. It allows developers to design AI Agent behaviors, and invoke them with an SDK. The platform handles the complex infrastructure needed for managing thousands of AI Agent to user interactions, maintaining complex AI agent states via the state machine, and orchestrating multi-step agent workflows.

## Features

- 🎙️ **Automated Meeting Recording**: Connect to online meetings and record them automatically
- 📝 **Transcription**: Generate accurate text transcripts from recorded meetings
- 📊 **Status Monitoring**: Track recording status in real-time
- 📩 **Email Notifications**: Send meeting summaries and assets via email
- 📅 **Calendar Integration**: Seamless Google Calendar integration for meeting scheduling
- 💾 **Memory Persistence**: Maintain context across multiple interactions

## Overview

Critical and important information often gets lost quickly in meetings. This AI Meeting Recorder Agent built with xpander.ai automates the meeting documentation workflow: recording conversations, generating transcripts, monitoring status in real-time, and delivering assets via email.

This blueprint showcases how NVIDIA NIM microservices can be easily integrated with xpander.ai to build a powerful AI agent. Developers can use this blueprint as a starting point to incorporate NVIDIA AI into xpander workflow, or apply it to different use cases that combine xpander and NVIDIA NIM.


## Prerequisites

- Xpander Cloud account with API access
- Python 3.10+ environment
- Google Calendar API access (for calendar integration)

## Getting Started

1. Clone this repository to your local machine
2. Create a `.env` file in the root directory with the following:
   ```
   XPANDER_API_KEY=
   NVIDIA_NIM_API_KEY=
   ```
3. Install the required dependencies:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
4. Run the `01-initialize-and-setup-agent.ipynb` notebook:
   ```bash
   jupyter 01-initialize-and-setup-agent.ipynb
   ```
5. Run the `02-interact-and-execute-agent.ipynb` notebook:
   ```bash
   jupyter 02-interact-and-execute-agent.ipynb
   ```

## Project Structure

- `01-initialize-and-setup-agent.ipynb`: Detailed walkthrough for initializing and adding tools to the agent
- `02-interact-and-execute-agent.ipynb`: Detailed walkthroug for executing the agent to solve example use cases
- `agent_config.json`: Configuration file defining agent tools and capabilities
- `images/`: Visual assets for the notebooks
- `requirements.txt`: Required Python dependencies
- `.env`: Required credentials to run this project

## Agent Capabilities

The Meeting Recorder Agent includes four primary tools:

1. **Calendar Integration**: Checks scheduled meeting on Google Calendar
2. **Create Recording Bot**: Schedules and initiates meeting recordings
3. **Check Recorder Status**: Monitors recording progress and retrieves assets
4. **Send Email**: Delivers recordings and transcripts via email

## Usage Examples

### List Upcoming Meetings

```python
prompt = """
Please list my scheduled meetings for today.
"""
result, thread_id = meeting_agent.run(prompt=prompt)
```

### Record a Meeting

```python
prompt = """
Can you record all the meetings scheduled for today?
"""
result, thread_id = meeting_agent.run(prompt=prompt, thread_id=user_thread_id)
```

### Check Recording Status

```python
prompt = """
Please check the current status of the meeting recorder bot.
"""
result, thread_id = meeting_agent.run(prompt=prompt, thread_id=user_thread_id)
```

## Resources

- [Xpander Documentation](https://docs.xpander.ai)
- [Jupyter Notebooks](https://jupyter.org/)
- [NVIDIA NIM API](https://build.nvidia.com/)

## License

This project uses the Xpander SDK which has its own licensing terms. Refer to the Xpander documentation for details.
# nvidia-meeting-recorder-agent
